hi this is fresh talker in this video
we're going to go over some solutions to
two classic puzzles about drawing lines
in the first puzzle you have nine
different dots that you need to connect
without lifting your pen and you have to
do it with at most four straight lines
and you can't retrace any of the lines
so this puzzle is very famous the trick
is you need to think outside of the box
so here's one way that you can connect
all the dots with four straight lines in
the second puzzle about connecting the
six boxes the trick the very difficult
part is that letter B will be difficult
if you connect it straight up and down
it's going to intersect something else
so the trick is you need to go around
the boxes siene this will allow you to
connect the remaining boxes quite easily
so here's one way to do it there of
course many different ways you can draw
it I hope you like this video please
subscribe to my channel you can support
me on patreon for exclusive rewards
catch me on my blog minor decisions on
Twitter a pressure Locker and you can
get my books listed on my website